In this video, I want to do one more exercise with generics and wild cards, which I hope will help
you understand upper band and lower parts.
The exam spends a lot of time testing and knowledge of wild cards.
So we need a new class for this in our collections project.
Going to call this one generic container.
But so this code consists of a single class ARAU class, the generic container, which wraps the list
passed to the constructor.
You can say the code they allowed 14, the constructor allowed 17 there would allow us access to the
list itself using the method.
Michette.
On 22.
And that gets an element in the list and my ad line, twenty seven, which adds an element to the list.
So it's an interesting method there, which Principlist I've included a main method you can see, which
creates an instance of the generic container putting in a new instantiated list, Aurora relist, and
there's a couple of elements and then puts them about.
A stop, a rally that.
All right, so far, so good, that's pretty basic.
So looking at this, let's just assume that have been tasked with the job of making this class generic.
I could start by changing the declaration to include a top parabola cop here and do that.
So angle brackets.
There's a lot on that plane coming into the main method.
Let's make a change here, so generic container will make this of top secret, so secret sequence in
the angle brackets and the right hand side here, we'll just use the term operator.
But so the coach compiling obviously, we can run this.
And it really works like it should.
But my job's not really done because I haven't really typed in the operations in the container.
They could say that I could still had a string and an end to the container list, which may or may not
be what I desire.
So let's type the wrapped list as follows.
So I will come up here to line 14.
So make a list of top 10 sateen angle brackets.
That is why we've now got an error on the mind method required to be provided with object, the compiler
knows you shouldn't be adding an object to a list of type T.
So, ladies, here for a moment, we'll go back up and change our list or rep list to use a lower band.
So we're going to make it instead.
Card, questionmark super to have changed that.
There are also need to change the a declaration to the same.
So Renagel brackets for constructor wildcard super as well, exactly the same as we've done for our
wrap list.
Now, know by doing that, that still hasn't fixed the error.
The compiler error on the Myat object, you might be asking at this point, why not?
Doesn't this declaration of the wrapped list mean that any object can be inserted into the list as long
as it's less specific than T?
Well, actually, it doesn't.
It only means that any list assigned to this field must be typed to a super class of T or typed to T..
If the list is typed exactly to T, adding an object would cause an error.
So let's explore this by changing the construction of the generic container in the main method.
So what they do is make a change to like 38 to our list and make a list of top shall sequence charts
sequence.
In income brackets.
And a new array list, we're also going to make that of top secret, it's pretty short sequence also
in angle brackets.
So now what I'm doing is passing in a racist type with sequence to the generic container, also type
of char sequence.
So you can see now that adding an object to an array list of type char sequence would cause a problem.
What if we made a change to the method?
My head will go back up here.
Changing the argument from top object to any sort of change object to tea.
You can see that this fixes the compiler error of the MIT method, but I've never figured it out again,
but a compiler error on the main method, this is probably a welcome error on the statement where I'm
trying to add an internal frailest typed to char sequence that's remove that line of code.
Now that we've done that, we should be able to run this code.
And it's produced the relevant output, which in this case is the one element added the line 40 to.
All right, so let's close down the Iran window and have a look at Target method and Michette method
there, 22 should change the return type there to T. instead of object.
Let's do that.
Let's change.
Object to T.
And we've now got a compiler error, they're required to be provided with object.
Now, again, this might feel unexpected at first, but for the same reason that the ATM had to be restricted
to the lower bound T when adding an element.
The retrieval needs to be broad enough to get an object out of the release.
That could hold a key element, but it could also hold an instance of any super type of t including
object.
So leaving this error for a moment, let's look at the alternate wildcard, the upper bound.
So if you go back up to our wrapped list and constructor will change the super to extend the wildcard
in both instances to set an upper bound stands.
Since this declaration states that now the Red List list consists of two elements or elements that subclass
from T. but no elements that are instances of super types of tea.
Now, I still have a compiler error, but it's not about my get method, but rather it's back on my
my add method.
Can you guess why in a sample of code, if your code T is char sequence, what happens if we pass an
array list of top string to the constructor?
It's going to look at that.
They're going to change char sequence a lot, 38 to string.
And change the top over here to be just a diamond.
So the generic contenders to top the chase sequence, but the wrapped list is set to release a string
parts to the constructor.
Now, it should be obvious that if an array list is topped with string trying to add an object of type
T, prosecuting this case might cause a compiler error.
So looking back at the methods.
The market and my ad, so that shower is clear, they were like twenty two and twenty seven with T then
our replies declaration must exactly match that type T and obviously it's not at the moment.
We need to change that back to T.
It's time for the constructor.
Let's go back down to our main method.
We've got a string back to Charles sequence, so when they're using a list of Charles sequence and again
by doing that, I've got a typed generic container that compiles it, hopefully will execute when we
run it.
You can say it has run.
And the code itself, the list is typed a sequence allowing any subclasses of char sequence to be one
of the wrapped list members.
Now, all of the top declarations shown below will cause a compiler error, including a Rawlence declaration
or one or any other method by ADD or market.
You can see the various sinister pause the video if you need to take that in.
But looking back on it again, let's go back up to our definition for reference to the constructor.
Let's say I decide to use a lower bound as shown.
So we're going to help our rep list to be global.
So Super T..
Sorry, it is a world class world to walk up and do the exact same lovelessness pass to our constructor.
And that to fix the error in our kit method, you decide to just cast the results of a method, so I
return.
Webcast it to a obviously fixes the error, so we've got like a pilot error, but what actually happens
if I change how the container is constructed?
I'm going to is just coming down those two lines for now.
Tellico.
So here what there is a passing in a release of chart sequence, which is permissible since the wrap
list is topped with a lower pan of string in this instance.
And what's going to make a change here to change object?
To string along forty nine.
They've done that because generic container is typed to string, as you can see, a line 43.
So doing that, that should be sight, correct?
Obviously, we've got no compilation errors, but if I run this code.
Actually, in an era class caste, check it out like that stringbean, a copy cast to a string.
That's in 49.
All right, so the lesson here is that wild cards with upper bound and lower bounds are great tools,
but you need to understand them thoroughly to read sample code on exam questions.
So these demonstrations helped.
Next, you see a couple of quick questions and then we'll move to the next section on functional interfaces.
So I will see you in the next section.